add info about remote mcp copilot usage (#8008)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_mcp-credit-usage.md

:::info

> Note that Remote dbt MCP and Fusion tools rely on dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> usage limits. Most MCP tools don't consume dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> credits. However, [`text_to_sql` and `execute_sql`](#sql) do count toward your dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote dbt MCP tools are dependent on available dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> credits. Note that the SQL and remote Fusion tools are in this category, even when they are used and proxied through the local dbt MCP server. Most MCP tools don't consume dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> credits. However, [`text_to_sql`](#sql) usage does count toward your dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> consumption.
```

Reviewer: How is this language @reneruck-dbt ?

Author: happy to commit this and let us know if the language needs to change @reneruck-dbt @DevonFulcher !

> If you reach your dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> usage limit, all tools will be blocked until your <Constant name="copilot" /> credits reset. If you'd like to increase your credits, please reach out to your account manager.

Reviewer: I feel like we shouldn't advertise this escape hatch.

```suggestion
If you reach your dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> usage limit, all tools will be blocked until your <Constant name="copilot" /> credits reset. If you need help, please reach out to your account manager.
```
